{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue153;}
\margl1440\margr1440\margb1800\margt1800
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \AppleTypeServices Java Home Media Option\
----------------------\
\
Version 2.3 beta 4:\
-------------------\
1. Handle special characters in recording path\
2. Fixed weather location bug\
3. Time added to ToGo downloaded file names\
4. Added delete option to downloaded list\
\
\
Version 2.3 beta 3:\
-------------------\
1. Fixed ToGo selected downloads listing bug\
2. Fixed ToGo list update status bug\
3. Fix weather radar maps\
4. Fix weather data icon mapping\
\
\
Version 2.3 beta 2:\
-------------------\
1. Removed gallery plugin\
2. Fixed server starting from ToGo GUI\
3. Fixed modal dialog bug in GUI\
4. Fixed default recordings path\
5. Added ToGo data progress indicator\
6. Fixed help spelling mistakes\
7. Fixed ToGo recorded checkbox selection states\
8. Improved performance of downloading recording data\
9. Added logic to not overload TiVo with data requests\
\
\
Version 2.3 beta 1:\
-------------------\
1. ToGo\
2. ToGo auto rules\
3. Fixed iTunes OS X default playlist path\
4. Added iTunes playlist library file chooser\
5. Fixed iTunes playlist file parser\
\
Version 2.2:\
-------------------\
1. Fixed reload bug for web content\
2. Added new audio prompt for streaming errors\
3. Ignore hidden files\
4. Fixed email plugin missing data bug\
5. Fixed bug in Windows installation wizard to support TiVo Desktop 2.0\
\
Version 2.1:\
-------------------\
1. Fixed iTunes plugin drops 1 song\
2. Fixed Email plugin protocol value reset bug\
3. Fixed shuffle repeat play bug\
4. Fixed playlist shuffle bug\
5. Fixed iTunes default path\
\
\
Version 2.0:\
-------------------\
1. Fixed configuration GUI server properties reload default\
2. Fixed bug that added "could not connect" MP3 to jukebox\
3. Fixed handling of special characters in audio files\
4. Improved support for high resolution images\
5. Added missing default image for error handling\
6. Added path for iTunes playlist file\
7. Added XP firewall configuration for Windows installation wizard\
\
Version 2.0 Beta 6:\
-------------------\
1. Fixed bug that repeats last item in each folder\
2. Fixed bugs related to special characters\
3. Fixed playlist bug for online stations\
4. Fixed various reload issues\
\
\
Version 2.0 Beta 5:\
-------------------\
1. Fixed cinema data downloading bug [Bug 1070055]\
2. Fixed bug that created duplicates in audio organizer\
3. Fixed bugs that could cause broken images [Bug 1056752]\
4. Updated JRE for Windows installer\
5. Fixed image organizer sorting bug [Bug 1070541]\
\
Version 2.0 Beta 4:\
-------------------\
1. Added Windows installation icons\
2. Fixed RSS feed bug for feeds with no images\
3. Fixed Windows installation script TiVo Beacon install bug\
4. Set email items date to sent date for sorting\
5. Fixed organizer sorting\
6. Fixed organizer folder play\
\
Version 2.0 Beta 3:\
-------------------\
1. Fixed movies sorting by proximity [Feature 1045616]\
2. Fixed web plugin to handle larger pages\
3. Fixed names of files with multiple .'s [Bug 1044674]\
4. Fixed XML escaping to support special characters [Bug 1048836]\
5. Fixed configuration GUI lists add functionality\
6. Fixed logic to not sort certain dynamic lists [Bug 104636] \
7. Fixed organizer save cache bugs\
8. Temporarily removed shuffle items configuration option\
9. Multipart text/plain email messages supported\
10. Fixed XML caching bug\
11. Fixed configuration GUI splash image\
12. Fixed weather alerts [Bug 1050501]\
\
\
Version 2.0 Beta 2:\
-------------------\
1. Fixed email protocol bug\
2. Made MP3 tag reading more forgiving\
3. Fixed default AWT toolkit for headless installations\
4. Fixed logic to only support MP3 files in playlists\
5. Added grouped categories to Audio Organizer\
6. Performance improvements for large collections\
7. Improved Windows installation wizard to restart disabled TiVo Beacon service\
8. Extended Windows installation wizard to recognize Java 1.5\
9. Fixed GUI configuration of port, ip address, netmask\
10. Fixed thumbnail generation\
11. Updated web documentation\
12. Added configuration dir parameter for GUI\
13. Fixed image and audio organizer caching loading errors\
14. Playlist URLs bug fix\
\
\
Version 2.0 Beta 1:\
-------------------\
1. Fixed cinema listings [Bug 906963] \
2. Fixed weather listings [Bug 917632] \
3. Support movie listing radius [Feature 877113]\
4. Support TiVo Beacon API\
5. New MP3 ID library\
6. Plugin architecture\
7. Audio Organize improvements [Feature 977749]\
8. Fixed Playlists do not retain order [Bug 916125]\
9. Audio & Images: No browse button [Bug 827866]\
10. Weather location info does not match [Bug 834660]\
11. Internet Images Erasure [Bug 876566] \
12. Audio Organizer Fails [Bug 951556]\
13. ShoutCast Classical doesn't work [Bug 986747]\
14. Audio Organizer dies [Bug 937080] \
15. CinemaImageTiVoContainer : Error Loading included script [Bug 1020794]\
16. JavaHMO won't start; timer exception [Bug 922137]\
17. \\ problems in paths [Bug 866361]\
18. Add Photo Groups based on Date [Feature 905104, 906258]\
19. Allow 'Images' of user-specified web pages [Feature 997404, 806882, 992912]\
20. Show progress of organizer [Feature 901840]\
21. Windows installer should not set JRE in path [Feature 897330]\
22. Automatically add files to organizer [Feature 897133]\
23. Build playlists on the fly [Feature 859575]\
24. Run alongside other HMO servers [Feature 897647]\
25. Stock Quotes [Feature 822930]\
26. Integrate with iTunes [Feature 866338]\
27. Display file names of MP3 files with errors [Feature 900659]\
28. Audio Organizer Improvements [Feature 977749]\
29. Add installation options to Windows installer [Feature 897329]\
30. Configuration names incorrect [Bug 897233]\
31. Streaming proxy settings lost [Bug 905877]\
32. AudioOrganizer failure: Divide by 0 [Bug 1007705]\
33. Long filenames not accepted [Bug 970479]\
34. Timer/Port assignment problem [Bug 998399]\
35. AudioOrganizer throws StringIndexOutOfBoundsException [Bug 1018213]\
36. ID3v1 tags not supported [Bug 1018384]\
37. Network drives not visible [Bug 861314]\
38. Tivo Resets [Bug 859840]\
39. Email plugin\
40. Image Organizer plugin\
41. iTunes plugin\
42. Jukebox plugin\
43. NNTP plugin\
44. RSS plugin\
45. Web page plugin\
46. NoAA weather alerts\
47. Faster image loading\
48. Organizer refresh mechanism\
\
\
Version 1.2:\
--------------------\
1. Fixed cinema paging to show more than 5 cinemas per zip code [Bug 855956,859966] \
2. Removed Java Frame dependencies [Bug 855804]\
3. Fixed MP3 artist/title reversed [Bug 858605, 803931] \
4. Fixed manual connect error [Bug 861413]\
5. Better support for multiple installations of JavaHMO [Feature 861416] \
6. Improved support for MP3 file playback [Feature 861420] \
7. Fixed sorting of filenames with large numbers [Bug 862081] \
8. Fixed cinema listings year-end date issues [Bug 866662] \
9. Playlist sorting and shuffling [Bug 855438]\
10. Improved sorting performance [Feature 853868]\
11. Fixed Sort by Type [Bug 875119]\
12. Organize audio by song, artist, album, genre, decade [Feature 850251]\
13. Streaming proxy [Feature 866359]\
14. Support colormapped images [Bug 866356]\
15. Configuration GUI must handle special characters [Bug 864079,883382]\
16. Fixed broadcast messages [Bug 867444] \
17. Display cinema date on fullscreen view [Feature 862651]\
18. Duplicate shoutcast genre removed [Bug 883654]\
19. Fixed audio organizer required bug [Bug 880367]\
20. Support large number of webcams [Feature 882579]\
21. Fixed memory garbage collection lock bug [Bug 869665]\
22. Remove duplicate shoutcast entries in downloaded station lists [Bug 893143] \
23. Support Mac OS X Panther [Feature 873362]\
\
\
\
Version 1.1:\
--------------------\
1. m3u files now support relative paths. [Feature 828612] [Bug 823595]\
2. Fixed bug that caused non-jpg files to be thumbnailed incorrectly. [Bug 828613]\
3. Removed X11 requirement for Unix distributions. [Bug 818710]\
4. Moved cache location on Unix distributions [Bug 826630]\
5. Fixed bug that sometimes caused broken images during slideshows [Bug 814321]\
6. Auto scan for available port [Feature 829742] \
7. Names of folders can now start with the same characters [Bug 822703]\
8. Cinema listings now show all theatres [Bug 827965] \
9. Support for manual connections from TiVo [Feature 834166] \
10. Reduce reload requests from TiVo [Bug 838820]\
11. Shortcuts on Windows platforms are now supported [Feature 827985]\
12. Modules can now be disabled in the configuraton GUI [Feature 817933]\
13. New installation wizard to fix various installation issues [Bug 826110]\
14. Better validation in configuration GUI [Bug 827863 ]\
15. Fixed bug that sometimes caused Explorer to crash in the GUI [Bug 835079]\
16. Fixed several bugs which sometimes caused TiVo to reboot [Bug 833477]\
17. Fixed a weather state mapping in GUI [Bug 835148]\
18. Support rotating images [Feature 827984]\
19. Support random/shuffle play [Feature 827986] \
20. Fully support sorting [Feature 827988,853868] \
21. Added support for playing nested folders [Bug 830389]\
22. Handle special characters in titles [Bug 830387] \
23. Media port now configurable [Bug 831034]\
24. Movie listings now use city, state and zip to find matching theatres [Bug 834661]\
25. Text distortion fixed [Bug 848651] \
26. Support TV aspect ratio [Bug 850333]\
27. Use thumbnails in digital camera images [Feature 850888] \
28. Show dates pictures were taken [Feature 850960] \
29. GUI support more browsers [Bug 826109] \
30. Finish shuffle containers implementation [Feature 853871]\
\
\
Version 1.0:\
--------------------\
The following improvements have been implemented:\
1. Fixed Windows installation wizard bug.\
2. Fixed playlist listing bug.\
3. Fixed shoutcast download bug.\
4. Fixed shoutcast cache list loading bug.\
5. Fixed configuration migration bug.\
6. Fixed a GUI session timeout bug.\
7. Improved image error handling for image loading.\
8. Improved project home page.\
9. Reduced logging level to show errors and useful information only.\
10. GUI help.\
11. Log file location now configured in conf/log4j.xml\
12. Fixed folder listing bug for playing images.\
13. Improved build scripts to support multiple platforms.\
\
\
Version 1.0 Alpha 8:\
--------------------\
The following improvements have been implemented:\
1. Added installation wizard.\
2. Modified the playlist code to support .m3u file format saved by MusicMatch.\
3. Fixed text overlaps in weather forecast.\
4. Fixed cinema out of sync bug.\
5. Fixed the build.xml to support compilation of code on multiple platforms.\
6. Fixed shoutcast code to send different user-agent header to download playlists.\
7. Fixed playlist bug for playlists containing url's and local paths.\
8. Added additional input validation to the GUI.\
9. Fixed several JavaScript bugs in the GUI.\
10. Added additional error handling in the server.\
\
\
Version 1.0 Alpha 7:\
--------------------\
The following improvements have been implemented:\
1. Fixed image code to support animated gif's.\
2. Fixed mp3 fast forward and rewind.\
3. Added a web based configuration GUI.\
4. Removed file extentions from item names.\
5. Changed thumbnailing mechanism (again).\
6. Optimized sorting of large lists.\
7. Several improvements in the image loading code.\
8. Cinema days are only shown for days with available show listings.\
9. Cinema listings that are too long are shown across multiple screens.\
10. Added 5 day extended weather forecast.\
11. Added national weather forecast image.\
12. Expanded on current weather conditions data.\
13. Main menu items are now alphabetically sorted.\
\
Note: The syntax of several elements in the configuration file has changed.\
\
Version 1.0 Alpha 6:\
--------------------\
The following improvements have been implemented:\
1. Internet image dates now reflect the time they were downloaded.\
2. Implemented a better mechanism for downloading internet content more efficiently.\
3. Internet images can now be configured individually with reload values.\
4. Fixed current weather thumbnail view.\
5. Fixed sorting bug which made some lists appear to have empty entries.\
6. Now support m3u and pls playlists with files from your local drives.\
7. A Shoutcast module has been added to provide access to online listings of streaming radio stations.\
8. A cinema module has been added to view theatre listings in your area.\
9. A TicTacToe game module has been added (see Readme.txt for instructions)\
\
Note: The syntax for the weather element in the configuration file has changed.\
\
\
Version 1.0 Alpha 5:\
--------------------\
The following improvements have been implemented:\
1. Fixed a playlist bug.\
2. Made various architectural improvements.\
3. Added configurable parameter to specify local network address.\
4. Fixed bug in current weather.\
5. Images now shows a date.\
\
\
Version 1.0 Alpha 4:\
--------------------\
The following improvements have been implemented:\
1. Did some testing with large numbers of images and mp3 files.\
2. Fixed a listing bug which would appear as empty entries on the Tivo interface.\
3. Made some performance improvements:\
  a) Startup time is now 10 times faster,\
  b) Implemented a thread pool,\
  c) Implemented a thumbnail cache,\
  d) Improved time taken to handle incoming TiVo requests.\
4. Items are sorted by name.\
5. All scripts have been moved to the bin directory.\
6. Now support Linux installations.\
\
\
Version 1.0 Alpha 3:\
--------------------\
The following improvements have been implemented:\
1. The weather page has been spiced up.\
2. .m3u and .pls playlist files for online streaming mpeg stations are now supported (see Readme file for TiVo issues).\
3. The media server port is now configurable.\
4. Started an FAQ section in the Readme.txt file.\
5. Fixed bug about too many files open.\
\
\
Version 1.0 Alpha 2:\
--------------------\
This version consist of some minor bug fixes in the run.cmd file and the configuration of the service wrapper.\
Some tweaks were made to the code to handle more audio files.\
Some minor improvements to the wording in the installation documentation.\
 \
\
Version 1.0 Alpha 1:\
--------------------\
The following features have been implemented:\
1. Beacon broadcast protocol.\
2. Image files.\
3. mp3 files.\
4. Internet weather module.\
5. Internet images support.\
6. Desktop screendump image.\
 \
\
The following features are not supported yet:\
1. Manual connections.\
2. Rotating images.\
3. Sorting on name and type.\
\
\
\
=====================================================\
javahmo.sourceforge.net\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0
\up0 \nosupersub \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 \AppleTypeServices javahmo@users.sourceforge.net\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \strokec2 \AppleTypeServices \
\
}